hey hi so I'm you bring it back to
school supplies haul because I did one
last year and I thought it'd be fun to
do went again this year starting off
with the binders I got five first one
purple navy white hmm the green and they
also got another everything binder I
mean folder so i got this accordion
folder and use that and just blew it
with flowers next thing I got were two
packs of paper um from walmart and there
were 25 some peach or they sold it
really fast next to go this math graph
thing notebook thing um looks like this
and its format next I got 10 folders
from staples there were ten cents each
so we'll just dollar and I use them for
reports and I have to hand in stuff next
are my five star folders and i really
like these select the best and the hub
lemon purple and teal orange grand pink
next a lot this equally stick from ross
i love bras glue sticks are really
sticky I got a staples ruler and fought
lead
three-hole punch those portable and put
on more white out these ten two pens and
a pencil from start maple skills are
like my all-time favorite one to go out
a portable reinforcement and this
refillable retractable nor'easter and
Mars plastic not Martha stays safe to
learn Taylor I'm not sure next to got
these pencils from walmart and there
were two dolls and i bought them because
where is it okay there there's two
purple ones tend to suffer for purple
and next Agassi I know they look really
generic i buy these pens but I think
they're really awesome and it works so
well they're so smooth and glide on and
they're cheap this is all two dollars
there you got sharpen the original type
and I got this lunch bag from staples
it's like this and its really cool about
it is that it's made out of a sweat suit
material so it's awesome and it's really
really big it looks small but once you
push on the bottom oops the silica gel
it's really big Emily and what's good
about is that when you go home you just
close it up and it's all compact after
you eat your lunch of course and my
pencil case i'm using this one from
sephora it's really awesome i bought a
last year halfway through last year so i
doubt also new store and if you're
wondering about the shoes i got from
little burgundy i got Todd
here you go purchase TOMS and forever
and what's really good about Tom's is
that they have a one for one deal by
when did you send one to a kid in need
it's always good to have someone in need
so like both kind of bought something
okay so like a black one and i also got
shoe pads for those because people said
i buy them I was like sure you are the
expert so it that concludes my hall
thanks watching bye guys